Create ORGANIZERS.md (#45)
jenkinsci/ui-ux-hackfest-2020: ORGANIZERS.md

## Organizers

> This hackfest is organizedby the following individual and company contributors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hackfest is organized by the following individual and company contributors:
```
